Week 1
Group formed. Jira & Github accounts created. I looked through the 8 topics and chose 2 topics which are read recommend and skills backpack. My group had a discussion then we decided to choose read recommend as our project topic. Next week we will focus on the proposal.

Week 2
We had a discussion about our proposal, we divided it into some parts and each group number need to finish their own work. My part is ‘background’ and ‘existing systems and drawbacks’. Next week I will know more information about our project and finish my part.

Week 3
I finished my part and our group made the final version proposal. I thought about the database, maybe use the mongodb + mongoengine ORM to build the model is a good choice. Next week I will have a discussion with my teammates to decide which tools are good choices for us to finish this project.

Week 4
I used to decided database：mongodb + mongoengine ORM to build the modle, back end processing：flask + jwt + pycryptodome (enctyption)+ Pillow (picture),leading end：axios + vue.js + element ui. However, after finishing discussion with my teammate, I changed my choice. I need to learn the tools which they decided to use for the project.

Week 5
I learnd something for the new tools with the help from my team numbers, but it is diffcult for me to change and make my team numbers codes better, so I did a vision by my self based on some basic code from my teammates. Next week, I will do more functions.

Week 6
Flexible week, after a discussion with my team numbers, we finally decided to use my code logic and model for the functions of demo A. I finished it. Next week I will do more functions.

Week 7
I did the function code for demo B. My team numbers made it looks better. Meeting with group member discussed the retrospective A. Next week I make the code better.

Week 8
Making the code for demo B better. Next week I will make front-end looks better.

Week 9
Learning front-end, making the code better. Discussing with my team numbers about the final report and final presentation.
