Diary
Week1:
My friends and me formed the group. We had discussed different aspects of those project. Then, we chose the most suitable one - ReadRecommend.
Week2:
Everyone is already familiar with the requirement of ReadRecommend. We discussed a lot about the topic, including languages that we will use later, functions that we should achieve , project division. Our scrum master write a frame of our proposal.
Week3:
Xiuye and me finished the ‘Objectives’ part of the proposal. Also, we discussed Recommendation modes specifically.Then, we integrated our proposal.
Week4： 
We learned Django framework.Then, we tried to write a framework and we ran the code in Pycharm . The register and login part. Xinchen Wang designed a database structure and we discussed about it.
Week5:
We finished some basic part of the web: Login and Register, Collection, Book. The first demo had been displayed by Xiuye and Xinchen.Then, we discussed the specification of rest parts.
week6:
This week has a midterm break.I learned that the "form" function can help us transform stara rating score from back end to front end.A half of rest functions have been finished.We still need to have a discussion about things we weren't done well for last few weeks and make some improvement about our future schedule.
week 7
We spent a large amount of time to implement our project functions to prepare the demo B of our project at week 8. And when I implement the adding rating function, our team have some problems about transferring parameters from the front-end, so we need to do some research to solve that problem.
week 8
After demo B of our project, we need to discuss the things we weren't being done well for last few weeks and combine the things we weren't being done well from demo A retrospective to write the demo B retrospective report. And we also need to spend some time to finish the rest part of our project.
week 9
Our leader has drafted the final report for our project, and each of all got the assigned one part of the final report, and we also fixed some logical loophole which are not easily to realize. 
