week 1
I build a group with my friends, the network connection is really unstable. And it is harder for me to catch up all the
courses in semester 3, 2020 and guarantee the study qualify.

week 2
Xinchen Wang, Xiuye Yuan, Yifan Wang, Daifei Zhang and I discussed the 8 projects and decided to choose the project
ReadRecommend together. We chose Xiuye Yuan to be our scrum master. And we planed to collect some information about how
to finish our project and prepare the proposal.

week 3
We assigned the parts of proposal to each member of our group. And Xincheng Wang and I will be responsible to the system
architecture and flow chats part. We will discuss which tools and framework we are going to use at Thursday.

week 4
We taught ourselves Django framework and focus on the individual task on jira. We finished the register and login part.
And we look up some materials to fix the problem about how to transfer the parameters from the Frontend to the Backend.

week 5
We now focus on the Front-end code to beautify our website. But none of us learned any knowledge about the frontend code,
like css, html or js. It's very difficult for us. And we need to push the process of project to prepare the demo A of
our project.

week 6
Mid-term week, we can spend a lot of time to implement our project and try to finish our demo A required sprints, and we
can also self-learn some front-end code and structure. After finishing our demo A, we can slow down the process of our
project and try to spend some time on our other courses'assignment, and we have a discussion about the things we weren't
 being done well and some improvement about our schedule.

week 7
We also spend a lot of time to push the process of our project to prepare the demo B of our project. And when we implement
the adding rating function, we encounter some difficulties about transferring parameters from the front-end. We need to
do some research to solve that problem.

week 8
After demo B of our project, we need to discuss the things we weren't being done well at last few weeks and combine the
demo A retrospective to write a report. And we also need to distribute some time on other courses' assignments. And we
also need to finish the rest part of our project. So, it's really stressful and busy week.

week 9
We need to draft the final report for our project, and we still need to discuss the problem we encountered when we implement
the rest part of our project and finish our demo B retrospective.